[Harley] C'mon.
C'mon. C'mon.
Oh, my God,
you piece of shit!
Ugh, damn it!
How is a girl suppose to
plan her takeover of Gotham
[shouts] if she can't see
her kill board?
It's only six people, Harls.
And two of them were dead
when you made this list.
Well, I wanted to give
us a head start.
Like when you put your own
money in the tip jar
at the beginning of
your barista shift.
Ah! Mazel! How'd ya
make all these candles?
Definitely not with
the rendered fat of
dead zebras.
Well, then I guess it
remains a mystery.
Ugh. We need power!
We can't keep depending
on runaway zoo animals
for Psycho to make
candles out of.
I made hats, too.
Gotham is a wasteland.
No one has reliable power.
[Riddler] Riddle me this,
what's the only
place in Gotham
with a still-intact
power plant and
running water?
Well, it's right here!
At Riddle U!
Where the young and promising
can charge their cell phones
and their brains.
Right, three girls?
[together] Yes, Dean Riddler.
Mmm. Now, that's clean water.
That asshole's the
only one with power.
We're gonna kill him next
and steal it for ourselves.
Ive, hope you're
vaccinated for HPV
'cause we're goin'
to college.
[Poison Ivy] Harley,
you know we're too old
to get the
HPV vaccine, right?
[theme music playing]
Okay, here's the plan.
We pretend to be coeds,
sneak into Riddle U,
kill the Riddler,
maybe go to a sick party,
and then we have all the power
and water to ourselves.
Ooh! What are you
gonna charge first?
I'm gonna blow dry my hair!
-As an actor--
-Not an actor!
I know a thing
or two about acting.
To go undercover you must
become the cover.
So much so that you can
no longer even remember
your true self.
Like a young
Mr. Jonathan Depp in
the television series
21 Jump Street,
and a very old
Mr. Jonathan Depp
in the feature film
21 Jump Street.
Yeah, you're not coming with.
I agree, Clayface shouldn't go
but your boo...
Stephanie is mad-stoked
to hook up with you
on the quad.
-Oh, God...
-What up?
It is I, Stephanie,
a fun, yet bookish
transfer student
from Chico State.
Yeah. Stephanie's
not going either.
[chuckles] No, she's not.
You, however, are going
to a padded room.
You're way harsher
than the girls who drove
me out of Chico.
I can't spill the deets
'cause of the impending
lawsuit, so...
All right, Ive, are you
ready for all-night
study seshes,
talkin' philosophy
and smokin' cloves,
puttin' up any poster we
want in our dorm room! Ah!
You know what, I do have
an Indigo Girls poster that
does need a wall.
Oh, my God! All right,
while you two geriatric coeds
are rediscovering yourselves,
the rest of us are makin'
zebra candles and
chewin' on water!
[gasps] So it was zebras...
Oh! At least the mouse
is alive this time.
-Oh.
-Oh, my God!
I drank two quarts
of that shit.
I fear we may not
survive until your return.
Then you and Psycho find
a water filter. Great idea!
Ive, hope you're vaccinated
for HPV 'cause we're goin'
to college!
-Yeah. You said that already.
-I know,
but when I said it
nobody knew the plan
so nobody laughed.
[Poison Ivy] Sure.
[crowd chanting] Let us in,
let us in, let us in!
-[gunshot]
-[people scream]
Put us down on that tower.
Oh, if my girlfriend sees me
hanging out with you
hot young coeds...
-Ugh.
-...she's going to be
green with envy.
Oh, my God, fuckin' gross.
-I thought it was cute, babe.
-Nice.
[Riddler] Morning, students.
Riddle me this, what's
priceless but still
costs 60k a year?
-Riddle U.
-It's better than Harvard.
-[Riddler] Carry on.
-[microphone feedback]
Pretty lazy riddle, but he
is right about Harvard sucking.
...and that's was
Water Fountain 29
where you can get
the best Riddler water
in all of new, New Gotham.
Oh, my God,
it's so interesting.
So, like, I have a question.
Where is the
Riddler right now?
I'm sorry. Were you two
on the tour when we started?
I don't see your name tags.
Oh, we told you at
the beginning of the tour
that we were
definitely there for.
I, of course, am
Heather Witherbee
and this is my friend
Izziadora Staplebuntkin.
Hmm. I feel like I would've
remembered such distinct names.
Yes, yes. We do have
very distinct names, Heather.
-It's chill, they're with me.
-Oh, thanks, Steph.
Let's keep this train going.
He actually showed up?
I'm gonna fuckin' kill him.
I dunno, Harls, I mean, he/she
seems to be very popular.
And you've got to admit,
like, Steph's really pulling
off her crop top.
I mean, you never
really made it work.
I know. I never know
what to pair it with.
Well, that was a surprisingly
easy and delightful stroll
across an apocalyptic
wasteland.
Of course it was!
Any idiot could've done it.
I'm a brilliant telepath and
my talents are being squandered
on menial tasks like this.
And you do stuff, too.
Shit! There's still cops?
-[cops] Stop right there!
-He did it!
[gasps] Your treachery
knows no bounds!
I'm not going to jail
for you or anybody!
-Ah!
-[camel bellows]
Dang. Back to the clink.
This is Two-Face territory.
Whaddaya say, boys!
Howzabout we compose
'em a story on deez
Chicago typewriters?
What the fuck is
dickhead Tracy talking about?
Oh, it's one of them
old-timey phrases.
-See, from a distance a
Tommy gun sounds like--
-[machine gun firing]
-[screams]
-[camel bellows]
Ah! Well, I'll be damned!
It does sound like
a typewriter.
And that is the last
of the 17 hedge mazes.
Yeah, if we could just have
a follow-up question to
Heather's earlier question.
Do you think you could
lead us to the Riddler
so we can thank him
for letting us in
his university?
[laughing] I mean...
It's not like we're
gonna kill him.
[all laughing]
He's a very busy man.
You never see him anywhere...
and yet, he's everywhere.
Uh, making sure that we
all have clean water and power.
That concludes our tour.
[girl over megaphone]
A bachelor's in
puzzles is not an education.
Bring back a useful degree!
One that guarantees gainful
employment like [grunt]
art history.
What the hell was that?
The Riddler's the only one
who asks questions around here!
What? Everyone knows that.
How long have you been here?
You know what? Never mind.
-While you're here, will you--
-Join the theater department?
-No.
-But if I already have?
Just get intel on the
Riddler's whereabouts.
Ivy and I are gonna do
some general snoopin' around.
Fine. Can do.
Oh, Chad! Wait up!
Wow, this place is huge.
Where do we even start
to look for Ridd--
Oh, there he is.
Riddle me this!
-[grunts]
-[water splashing]
You're about to die, bitch.
[man crying out]
[grunting]
You're not Riddler.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Jiminey Riddles...
The Riddle U mascot.
Holy frick,
it's Harley Quinn?
Shit!
-Ha!
-[man gasps]
Would you like to audition
for the a cappella club?
for the cool a cappella club?
You're not cooler
than us, Garrett!
[screaming] Oh, shit!
[both in sing-song] Shit!
Argh!
Yeah, I know. And I got made
by the surprisingly agile
tour guide.
-So...
-Let's go kill a tour guide.
Find the tour guide.
Ugh. College Ivy is no fun!
Hey, I just want to be clear.
I'm anti-forcefully entering
the dorm room of a girl
who sure does not
want us in there.
Under normal
circumstances, agree.
But Ive, this is an
emergency procedure.
[shrieks]
-Ahh!
-Babs, don't shoot!
Izziadora? You work
for Harley Quinn?
Wait... Poison Ivy?
You were gonna rat us
out to the Riddler!
What? No! Heck. If anything,
I want someone to take
down the Riddler.
Hey Waynebox.
Play "Party mix."
And turn it up.
[upbeat music plays]
Look, there's some
seriously terrible stuff
that's been going on here
ever since Riddler took over.
Like, what kinda stuff?
Well, like, we used to have a
really good basketball team
and all the best players
just disappeared.
And let's just say, it wasn't
because they went pro.
Okay? I mean, they were
good for Division II,
but you know--
-What are you saying?
-I'm saying
students are disappearing.
Riddler's behind it.
And I wanna take him down...
If you don't kill me.
Yeah, but how do we know
that the second we untie you,
you're not gonna turn us
in to your dean?
You'll just have to trust me.
[Gordon] Fair warning,
I'm only wearing a towel.
By the by, you're out
of lavender herbal essen--
What the hell
is going on here?
Waynebox! Turn down
"Party mix!"
[music stops]
-Hey, Dad...
-Who are these two
and why is there a plant
wrapped around you?
There's a lot
a suspicious things
going on here.
-She's gonna turn us in!
-We're just... Vining, Dad.
It's an Internet thing.
You wouldn't get it.
[chuckles] Goddamn Internet.
You ladies have fun.
I just came out to get
another beer for the shower.
[farts]
Oopsie-daisy.
So, Commissioner Gordon
is your dad
and he lives with you
in this dorm room?
[sighs] He snuck in before
the Riddler took over.
-It's been a--
-[Gordon sobbing]
...rough couple of months.
For both of us.
I've been trying to track
the Riddler and he keeps
coming back to this
one location
There's something going on
in this fraternity house.
I see people go in but
they never come out.
Uh, how is that different
from a normal frat house?
I don't know yet.
But I have three wristbands
to a party there tonight.
Hey, this is gonna
sound crazy,
'cause you're supervillains
and all, but
if you're past
the killing me thing,
-maybe we can all go and--
-[Harley] Great. Thanks.
Oh, come on! I had to chug
a beer to get those!
I didn't like the
way it tasted!
Or the way it made
me feel! Come back!
So explain that "vining"
thing to me.
Is it something you
and I could do?
Or would that be weird?
That'd be weird.
You got moxie but we got guns.
You're surrounded, see?
How are we going
to get out of here?
Ah, perfect!
I can't reach the pedals
and you can't fit inside.
[laughs] We're gonna make
a few modifications.
[hammering and whooshing]
Is it just me, or do yous
hear welding?
[laughs] And you said
you didn't want the
long metal spike.
Whoo-hoo! I can admit
when I'm wrong.
Ha-ha! There's another one.
Get 'em!
Do I like Chad? Yes.
But I don't know if
I'm ready to be
"Chad's girlfriend."
Why does he want
to rush to label it?
How long did he give
you to decide?
Just the weekend!
And I'm auditioning
for Garrett's a cappella group.
Ugh! That's still
the cool one, right?
It's too much pressure!
Hey Steph! Can we grab ya
for a second?
We got some intel.
So did I. Betsy Dunkhaven
has a crush on Ava Stein--
absolutely hates
Hunter McMurray.
Who could blame her?
Hunter's got areolas
the size of--
...pancakes.
They touch in the middle.
We got some intel
about the Riddler.
He's inside.
And we got wristbands.
VIP, bitches.
Holy shit!
How'd you get that?
It pays to be chad's
"almost-girlfriend."
[dance music playing]
Ugh! Gross.
Gross. And grosser.
Oh, Harley... [sighs]
What? It's an ice luge.
Ya know I can't resist
alcohol bein' poured
down an icy surface.
No, I did not know that.
Listen, Harls.
Game face, okay?
We got to keep our
eyes out for the Riddler.
I'm pretty sure that
was the Riddler.
It might've just been
Jiminey Riddles.
No no, that's Jiminey Riddles.
The whole party is
a fundraiser to cover
his medical bills for
the beating you gave him.
I already donated.
Oh, you're good, Steph.
Sorry. VIP only.
But we're with Steph.
Do I look like I give
a shit? Gotta have
a VIP wristband.
[sighs] All right, Stephanie.
You go in, you look around,
you report back.
Real simple peek n' speak.
What if I run into Chad
and he asks me where we stand?
I mean, sure,
he gave me the weekend,
but it would be
awkward not to
talk about it.
But if we did talk
about it...
Oh, my God,
it'd be just as awkward!
Ah! I'm being ripped apart!
Ugh, I'm going to
text my counselor!
Oh, my God! You're
a fucking clay monster.
Forget about Chad for
five seconds and do
your goddamn job.
The best thing about
chest hair, chip catcher.
[crunches]
That's not even from
the bag you're eat-- [sighs]
Come on, Dad!
We know the Riddler's
up to something in
that frat house!
Now, put on your shirt and
let's go full swat on his ass.
I don't do shirts anymore.
And I certainly don't swat.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
I have some
Kimmy Schmidt to binge.
This school needs a champion!
New, New Gotham needs a hero!
No. This city needs
the Bat. I...
need the Bat.
[keys jingle]
[door closes]
[spitting]
That's not a chip.
Ugh. He's been in there
way too long.
Let's just kill the bouncer.
Yeah, but we don't want
to cause a scene.
[people cheering]
Watch this, Ive.
[people screaming]
[thuds]
[electricity buzzing]
Hey, girls.
So, [panting]
I figured out how
he's generating electricity.
By inviting people
to fake frat parties,
kidnapping them,
and forcing them to
run on hamster wheels,
effectively turning them
into human batteries?
Oh, wait. That makes
way more sense than
what I was thinking.
-[electricity buzzing]
-[groans]
Oh, my God, that hurt!
[panting]
Well, what fortuitous timing.
We just had two jobs open up.
Congratulations, graduates.
Welcome to the workforce.
Joke's on you, Riddler!
-I don't do jokes... I do--
-Whatever.
The point is you're in
for a surprise.
'Cause we ain't beautiful,
young coeds.
[grunting]
We're beautiful,
regular-aged women.
-That's right, Harley Quinn--
-Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
I Know! Gee, I wonder
what gave it away?
The '90s miniskirts,
the pigtails,
the overall shorts,
or the chunky flats?
-Oh.
-Jesus.
So you took down Penguin
and came for me.
Well, I got something
Cobblepot doesn't,
a riddle stick!
[both laugh]
Why are you laughing?
No. It's a super,
super cool name, very menacing.
It's a cane. What are ya
gonna do, trip us?
[crackles]
See? It is cool.
[bullets ricochet]
[tires screeching]
[sirens wailing]
Oh! How convenient,
those fake police men
ran out of gas.
Uh, pretty sure it
was my sick driving
that scared them off.
You idiots! They stopped
following you
because you left
Two-Face territory.
You're in Bane town now.
[tires screech]
[grunts]
It's actually Baneton.
And if you lived here,
you'd be home by now.
Let's get em'.
What? We just built
a mega death car.
You think we're afraid
of a few Bane goons?
[syringe empties]
[chuckles softly]
I think we underestimated
the Bane goons.
[people panting]
Running sucks!
[electricity buzzes]
Uh, faster! My battery's
only at 75%.
[crying]
I can't believe Chad
set me up.
I broke my
purity ring for him.
Clayface, pull it together.
Turn into something
skinny and slip out
of your belt.
Are you calling me fat?
[wailing]
Honestly, this is some of
his best character work.
Yeah. I'm not sure
how much longer I can do this
in clogs.
What is Rodger and
Hammerstein's Oklahoma?
-Ah. Yes.
-[Babs] Let them go, Riddler!
How'd you get in here?
See, Tanner? I said we
should have a retinal scanner
but you were all like,
"No, wristbands are fine,
It'll be fun, like Coachella!"
This is my last warning.
I'm warning you.
[sighs] Tanner, go kill her.
Oh, great. Now I gotta
watch Gordon's kid die.
-[grunts]
-[can hissing]
Oh, my God.
Did you kill Tanner?
No! No?
No. I said,
let them go, Riddler!
[bangs]
[gun clicks]
Whatcha gonna do?
Shoot all of us?
No! Just that switch!
[bullets ricochet]
Frick!
When someone says,
"What are you gonna do,
shoot all of us?"
You say "No! Just you!"
Not the switch!
[electricity crackles]
[machines power down]
[grunts]
You've just been
citizens arrested!
Gosh, I'm good.
Is this what it feels
like to be Batman?
Because I feel like
a superhero right now!
-[Babs screams]
-Wow, Babs,
you really know how to
just kill the post-fight mood.
Sorry. I'm gonna call my dad.
He'll arrest Riddler
and take him to Arkham.
Oh, my gosh!
This is gonna be so great
for his self-esteem.
I dunno. I mean,
he seemed pretty confident
earlier in that towel.
We'll just drop Riddler
at Arkham.
You sure? I mean,
I could come with.
[gasps] Then maybe we
could get Fro-Yo?
Or w-what do you usually
do after a high-octane battle
between good and evil?
[grunts]
Yeah, we're gonna do the
drive-thru at Arkham.
It's on our way home.
Easy peasy. Byeee!
[music playing]
[water splashing]
[panting]
[Poison Ivy] Knees up, bitch.
Cheese!
[Riddler]
You're the bitch!
And a liar.
You told that nice girl that
you were taking me to Arkham!
-[electricity buzzing]
-[cries out]
Three down, three to go.
Ah! We are gods!
Or at least demigods.
Maybe Titans.
One brand-new industrial
strength water purifier
as requested.
Oh, that's what you guys
were doin'?
Yeah, that's what
we were doin'!
We went through hell
to get you this.
We took out half
of Two-Face's army!
And we had to get
stomped into the
Bane boys. Fucking Bane!
We made a death car!
Oh. Well, you know, once
we got the power runnin'
the water started comin'
out clear, so...
[shatters]
Ugh! Well, I for one am glad
we can once more be
free from
the petty trappings
of campus life.
[phone dings]
Oh, Chad! [giggles]
What do ya think'll
happen to Babs?
Eh, you know, I mean,
once the adrenaline
wears off,
she'll probably
go back to studying,
she'll graduate...
Hopefully she grows
out of her awkward
Batman obsession phase.
I mean, we all did.
[both sigh]
I don't know. I feel like we
awakened something in her.
[whirring]
Yeah.
[theme music playing]